gh-108223: Refer to PEP 703 as Free Threading (#112780)
python/cpython: Doc/using/configure.rst

.. option:: --disable-gil

   Enables **experimental** support for running Python without the
   :term:`global interpreter lock` (GIL): free threading build.

>    Define the ``Py_GIL_DISABLED`` macro and add ``"t"`` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Defines the ``Py_GIL_DISABLED`` macro and adds ``"t"`` to
```
